# KIRC-
Renal cell carcinoma is one of the most common malignant tumors of the urinary system, with an estimated 14,000 cancer-related deaths annually in the United States. About 30% of patients have distant metastases at the time of diagnosis. Patients with metastatic RCC (mRCC) have a poor prognosis, with a 5-year survival rate of only 10%, compared to over 55% for non-RCC patients. Clear cell renal cell carcinoma (KIRC) is the most common histological type, accounting for approximately 70% of all adult RCC cases. It is a highly lethal cancer, and surgical resection remains the primary treatment for most KIRC patients. KIRC undoubtedly causes significant human and economic losses to society.The role of immune infiltration in cancer progression has become a focus of many studies, and KIRC has long been identified and proven to be a highly infiltrated tumor in genomic research and clinical settings. Different immune subtypes of KIRC may exhibit varying responses to immunotherapy. By classifying KIRC into immune subtypes, we can better understand the sensitivity and tolerance of different subtypes to immunotherapy, leading to more personalized treatment strategies. Additionally, combining this information with clinical data can help predict the prognosis of different subtypes and provide better treatment decision-making for clinicians and patients. By assessing the differences in immune cell infiltration and activation of immune signaling pathways among KIRC subtypes, we can further investigate the immunological characteristics of these subtypes and optimize new treatment strategies.
